An animal's brain has a path-dependent setting
Once he attacks a human and gets food
This path is set up in the brain
In the future, whenever they encounter hunger, they will instinctively use this way to forage
So ah, this animal is dangerous
Can't keep him
You mean Bai Xiaotong
In fact, people
It's the same as animals
It's like cheating only 0 times and countless times
Gamblers should continue to gamble even if they lose their money
Once a path is formed in the brain, it can never be erased
What if he really changes
It can't be said that a person who makes a mistake will never be forgiven
If he does change
Even in a coffee shop, he can live well
Besides, shouldn't these consequences be borne by him?
You're right
I know you can't see women suffer and always want to help them
If you take a case, you won't take it if it's not a woman
I advise you that there must be something hateful about poor people
Some people are not something we can help
Don't embarrass yourself anymore
I see, thank you
Liu Yunan is still adjusting tomorrow. Can you stop playing and rest early?
Are you sure you want me to play?
Sooner or later you have to stand alone
I play games because I'm nervous
Don't try to lie to me
Are you nervous? You are just playful
Why are you not nervous when you see you contradicting the rain?
I'm wrong wife
I won't be playful anymore, you still play
Sleep